[Dr. Tharindu Liyanagunawardena]
OK, so thank you Matt. Currently
University of Reading at present
does not have a digital
accessibility policy, but
it is in the final stage of
being approved.
I have only been at Reading for
about seven months now in my
current post, but this work for
accessibility... Digital
accessibility policy had started
much before I joined.
So there was an Online and Digital
Accessibility Working Group
chaired by the University
Secretary. This was set up in
2021 to identify how the
university needed to change to
become digitally accessible.
This working group consisted of
people from across the
university. I noted them down:
legal, quality, technology,
enhanced learning and teaching,
digital technology services,
teaching and learning, diversity
and inclusion, disability support
procurement, content,
digital portfolio, governance
and HR.
Other colleagues from various
functions were invited to attend
the meetings as and when needed.
While this work was ongoing, the
University received an
accessibility report from JISC
and also commissioned a Digital
Accessibility Maturity Audit
with UserVision.
Recommendations from these
reports, audits and the working
group have been actioned and one
recommendation was to create a
dedicated post,
a university role, Digital
Accessibility Officer, which I
was hired to fill.
The Digital Accessibility Policy
was created by the working group
and was shared for comments,
and now it's making its way
through the proper channels
to becoming the university
policy.